feat(curriculum): add maps and sets workshop to FSD cert (#57189)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/workshop-plant-nursery-catalog/673339d96c56d36e963e888e.md

---
id: 673339d96c56d36e963e888e
title: Step 1
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-1
---

# --description--

In this workshop, you'll build a plant nursery catalog while practicing JavaScript's Map and Set objects.

To represent each plant in your catalog, you'll use objects, each with three properties:

- `commonName`, the common name of the plant
- `scientificName`, the scientific name (or latin name) of the plant
- `cultivar`, the variety of the plant

> Start by creating an object to represent the `Spanish lavender` (scientific name `Lavandula stoechas`) of a cultivar called `Ballerina` and assign it to a variable named `ballerina`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Start by creating an object with the three properties above for the `Spanish lavender` (scientific name `Lavandula stoechas`) of a cultivar called `Ballerina` and assign it to a variable named `ballerina`.
```
